[Music]
we're getting our very first look at the
brand new sea ray SLX 310 here at the
Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show
now as you can see this is an outboard
version of this boat what does that get
you well for one thing look at how much
storage you now get where there used to
be an engine other than that the 310 is
pretty much exactly what you would
expect to find in a Sea Ray SLX model
you have a nice wet bar over here there
are plenty of lounges all around with
thick cushions and here in the deck you
have a nice big storage box for all your
water toys one more thing about this SLX
it comes with an Italian now this is a
touchscreen system that includes a GPS
it includes control over much of the
vote it's really pretty slick and on top
of that this boat also has a joystick
now don't be mistaken the 310 SLX is not
a cheap boat but if you want a
top-quality day boat where you can go
out really enjoy the water in style hey
this is when you're going to want to
check out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters